Fix #599: Simplify installation of GLPK support (#619)
cvxgrp/cvxpy: doc/source/install/index.rst

Mac OS X and Linux
------------------

> CVXPY supports both Python 2 and Python 3 on OS X and Linux. You can

Author: Windows is part of normal testing via CI. Should the docs commit CVXPY to supporting Windows? Maybe this PR is the wrong place for it.

```suggestion
CVXPY supports both Python 2 and Python 3 on Windows, macOS, and Linux. You can
```

I leave this question totally up to the maintainers. Just something I noticed.
